This repository uses Github Pages to render graphs using Econgraphs. The results are posted on https://cmakler.github.io/graph-template. To create your own Github Pages site with graphs, you should create a fork of this repository.

All graphs are found as .yml files within the "graphs" folder. You can have any folder structure you like within that folder, but the best URLs use a single folder within graphs. It's set up initially with an "elasticity" folder, with a single file "midpoint.yml" in it; the graph generated by this is available at the URL https://cmakler.github.com/graph-template/elasticity/midpoint.

You do not need to run locally to make changes; you can make changes directly to the .yml files in this repository and the changes will be reflected after a few seconds. You should use https://kineticgraphs.org/author to edit the YML files. Note that that page doesn't save your work!

If no graph is specified, the page will redirect to a contents page. This is driven by the data in the file `\_data/toc.yml`. This must be edited by hand, and provides links to the graphs; be sure the "folder" and "filename" fields correspond to the structure. You can also just have placeholders with titles and descriptions; these will be displayed without links.

Best practice is to clone your repository to a local computer; work on kineticgraphs.org and save your code locally; then, when you're done, push your changes out to Github. If you do want to run locally, I recommend following the instructions [here](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll/testing-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll).